All right.
In this lesson, I'd like to do a quick review of dynamic object properties in JavaScript.
This is a supplementary bonus lesson where we're going to cover iOS six and JavaScript concepts.
So if you are familiar with dynamic object properties, you can feel free to skip this lesson.
We're going to talk more about this idea in the next lesson as it applies to view.
Otherwise, feel free to join us.
I am in the playground at JS file in my source directory.
As a reminder, this is our little playground for experimenting with JavaScript and new ideas that don't
pertain to our project.
If you have any content in this file from a previous lesson, feel free to delete it.
Okay, let's get to the heart of the content.
Let's say I have a constant in my program called Favorite Food, and my favorite food happens to be
sushi.
So I'm going to assign that string right here.
All right.
And then let's say I'm defining an object.
I'm going to call that object good foods.
And I'm going to provide the curly braces here.
And what I'd like to do is to use the value from my favorite food constant as an object key or an object
property in my good foods object.
So if I was beginning or starting out with JavaScript, I might think that something like this would
work.
I might write favorite food, colon trip, and I would expect, for example, that JavaScript would
be able to substitute favorite food with the word sushi.
Now, of course, this is not how JavaScript works, so let's take a look at what good foods is actually
going to look like.
I'm going to console.log the value of my good foods object right here, and then I'm going to run this
file using Node.
So at the top level of my job search project, I'm going to run Node and my file is in source playground.
Yes, we are going to actually get the literal key of favorite food.
JavaScript interprets that key literally, so it's going to use those exact characters.
And for the most part, this is a good language decision or language design decision because it prevents
us from accidentally replacing a key in our in our object with some kind of other name in our program,
like a variable or a constant.
So usually this is what we want.
However, in our scenario, we actually want the favorite food key not to literally be favorite food,
but to be replaced by whatever the value of the constant is, which is sushi.
I want the key of sushi here.
So my question to you is how can I force JavaScript to replace this favorite food reference here with
my actual favorite food constant?
Well, the special syntax in JavaScript is to wrap the key in square brackets.
So right here I'm going to put an opening square bracket right here.
And at the very end, but before the colon, I'm going to close the bracket off.
This syntax tells JavaScript Look for a name in your program called Favorite Food and then find its
corresponding value and write it in here.
So the difference with this syntax is when I write, when I run my file, right now JavaScript is going
to substitute sushi in place of the favorite food, constant reference.
And my object of good foods is going to look like this.
A key of sushi with a value of true.
All right, so we are setting a dynamic object property.
The reason it's dynamic is because it is not sex.
Initially, it is based on a reference.
It's dynamically the result of some other thing in our program.
For example, we could get data from the user and then assign it to a variable and then set that as
the object property.
Right.
It's it's not set in stone.
It's something that can vary, that can be dynamic.
And that's why it's called a dynamic object property.
It can vary and it can be set from another source.
Right.
So once again, if we use plain JavaScript, object syntax, JavaScript will take our key literally.
If we want to substitute some kind of variable or constant value as a key, we need to provide those
square brackets around that reference to that name in our program and then JavaScript will plug it in
in its place.
All right.
This concept that's going to prove helpful to us in the very next lesson, and I will see you there.